The WarFairy SOPMOD AR-15 Stock by Shanrilivan

Feel free to use these model files in any way you so choose. Hack em, slice em, burn em, sell em, you're a free person, act like it. Check local laws before printing ANYTHING relating to firearms. Printer assumes all liability. I'm not your parents.

Warfairy will bless you if you actually print her in pink.

Instructions:

You will need to print 1 of each part except for the plug which requires 2, a spring that fits around the shaft of the adjustment pin closely, and some glue to bind the Adjustment pin nut to the adjustment pin.

1: Place spring on the skinny shaft of the Adjustment pin. Use a SMALL bit of glue to keep  spring in place, applying the glue where the spring meets the adjustment pin head (thick part)

2: Place Spring/Adjustment pin assembly through hole in the top of the stock, ensuring it passes through so that the excess length of the adjustment pin falls through the hole in the bottom of the stock without catching.

3: Ensure free movement by pulling on excess length a few times. It should pull down with some resistance and spring back to resting position. If it gets stuck, push the pin out and sand down the adjustment pin head slightly

4: Take stock assembly in one hand and pull the excess adjustment pin length down until the top of the pin is not visible from the front. Apply stock to buffer tube and lock into place with adjustment pin. The stock should not move forward or back much.

5: With the stock applied to your weapon, put adjustment rocker onto the excess length of the adjustment pin, with the textured patch towards the rear and facing down wards.

6: Put a SMALL amount of glue on the inner surface of the Adjustment Pin Nut and press onto the adjustment pin shaft until it just contacts the surface ofthe Adjustment Rocker. Allow glue to dry before operating Adjustment rocker.

7: Press Butt Pad onto Stock Body, aligning the pins and bars with their appropriate holes. If need be, glue into place.

AND IT IS COMPLETE.

If you have any issues with these files, feel free to contact me via the #defcad irc channel on freenode.

Cheers, and happy hunting.